# T5 - Simple Lottery System Assignment Content
In this task you are asked to develop a simple, but complete system for lottery drawings, it functions as follows. The server draws a random number from 0 to 255 every hour (at an exact hour, like 13:00, 14:00, etc.).
The server also keeps the list of users that registered for the drawing of the number at a particular time and day. When registering for a drawing, the user indicates the drawing slot (or multiple slots), specifies the number she or he guesses would be the winning number, and provides an email address to be notified of results.
Implicitly (we assume that it happens behind the scene) the user pays for participation in each drawing, say 100 SEK. So, each drawing slot registration adds 100 SEK to the money pool that the server keeps track of. Note that each drawing has a separate pool, but if there are no winners, the pool gets added to the next one, see below. Also note that a single user is allowed to do multiple registrations with different numbers (but not with the same number again, that should be an error).
Upon (randomly!) drawing the winning number, the server checks the list of users that signed up for the given slot and identifies all the ones that guessed correctly. It then calculates the winnings (the sum of the pool divided by the number of winners) and notifies all winners by sending them an e-mail message. If there are no winners, the pool stays untouched and is used in the next drawing as a bonus / accumulation. The server also provides a service with historical winning data.

The system should be based on single request / reply to messages, that is, there should be no active connection kept between the user and the server. In fact, the server should accept just two kinds of requests:
• Drawing registration: the user provides the drawing slots (dates and times), the number, and the email address. The reply is either success, or an error indicating the registration could not be done (e.g. because the user tried to register for a past drawing, the guessing number is out of range, or the user already registered for the given slot and lucky number).
• Retrieve historical data: the user specifies the period of drawings she or he is interested in and gets all results from that period in the reply (this includes the drawn lucky number, the number of winners, and the winnings totals). The reply can also be an error in case the user specifies wrong periods (e.g. start point is after the end time point).

In the basic solution, you are expected to write the server and client implementation using any communication technology (raw TCP or UDP is sufficient) and any data formats. The email sending does not have to be implemented, it is sufficient to just log the message on the console with the email recipient and the body of the message.
